[17:40, 24/4/2026] +91 83061 56521: Website ke page
Home 
About us
Service
Pricing /packaging
Blog
Contact us
Our client
Term& conditions / policy

By using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and some advanced library which can be connected with the HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, like Bootstrap, all those things, which is required for a good website, like we are creating a very professional website like Google type of professional website, which looks like very much professional. So in this platform, we having some contents, as you can see. So this content should be organized in a home structure and there you just explain like, you can put in according to analyze the things, and you just put what we can put the particular things according to this. So I have given a context.txt here, content like that I have given. In that I have added the one mobile number for the contact, okay? And home, about us, services, pricing, packaging, blog, contacts, right? And our client and terms and policies. You put some random things, some of the common things which are there in this common page, and use my all the pages and analyze all the pages and extract the each and every detail from each and every posters which I have generated and I have created, okay? You just use those all the particular posters. And the main poster, that is Google Ads package, that is Google Ads package that is our main theme, website of the website main theme. We are very using overall all this main theme website. coloring for all this overall, all these pages, for all the websites. So by using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, create a wonderful homepage, it should attract you and it should be like, you know, very much professional, like Google, and you can use some colors like blue, little bit red, a little bit green, and red as well, and white as well, okay? So a fully authentic and professional. Professionalism is the main thing. And if you want to put in services, all these services, each and every services, like we have SEO plans, brand system, and pro, starter, marketplace, all the posters have different, different services. You need to create that particular services in the service section. So like we have, like in the home, you will write normal things in the homepage, all the things and some of the informations. In about us, you will just write about us, okay, commonly. In services, you will write some, you will create the particular card. There will be like information like, we provide these services. If the particular person click on view all the details or something like that, it should be open that poster as well and the details as well. Same details with the poster, okay? And in the pricing and package, I have given one PDF. You can just refer that one. So in that, we have some of the things which need to be done. And some of the other things, images also having pricing and package as well. Use that one as well. And we have... And blocks, you can put some random blocks which are authentic and perfect for this platform. And the contact us and our clients, put random and last we can edit. And terms and conditions policy, according to you, what are the normal website which should be containing that particular thing? We just put all those things, okay? You just focus on the full planning.Okay, good one. You can now proceed and start doing wonderful website. Okay, it should be very entertaining and very colorful. Not about colorful, it should be professional. That's all. Okay, get started. Use according to this. Use the correct services. Correct services and correct poster according to the page. If you want to make, you want to make the things easier, you can just rename that particular poster names. We have like WhatsApp image like that. You can just replace with the poster names according to your reference. So it gives you a up to you. Okay, now you can start doing professional job. Get started.


Okay, good one. You can now proceed and start doing wonderful website. Okay, it should be very entertaining and very colorful. Not about colorful, it should be professional. That's all. Okay, get started. Use according to this. Use the correct services. Correct services and correct poster according to the page. If you want to make, you want to make the things easier, you can just rename that particular poster names. We have like WhatsApp image like that. You can just replace with the poster names according to your reference. So it gives you a up to you. Okay, now you can start doing professional job. Get started.


Wonderful, you have done a wonderful thing and I really appreciate the work. Now let us have some of the corrections and some of the updates and some of the new changes. See, first, the thing is, I have added a logo.PNG in the assets. Use that logo and just put in the logo place as well, or else use that particular logo and just remove the PNG or background white image and just miss the logo. And the navigation bar should be there, but in the beside, behind the navigation, one text is visible like Star Marketing Agency. You know, that is coming at the back side. It should be not coming, it should not be overlapping. And the thing is, in the hero section, why did you add this poster? We doesn't needed that poster in the hero section. It should be in the service page. I told you to use this poster for the understanding in the color theme, color theory, color palette. Okay, by using this particular poster, you only need to use black, yellow, red, blue, green, that mixture of the colors for this website. You have used almost those colors, but I need to, you only need to use this all full colors, which will be looking good and you should use all those colors. And the thing is, when it comes to the... In our services, when you click on the full view full details, you are just opening that poster, which doesn't require that poster. When we click on that full view, it should be opening another page where it will be having only specific about that particular package with the full details. Getting it? So example, if I click on a div, the first div, which having Google ads package, when I click on that one, view, just click on view, not, it should be like, see all the details, click here. When he click on, it should be redirecting to the another page. The navigation will be the same thing, but in the section will be changed, will be coming only about the Google ad packages and all those stuff. Okay, after this, all this information, in the below, you can just put a back option where we can go for back in this page again. So we need to make like that and the process should be also visible where when you just redirect to the next page, it should be displayed. And as well as you need to write the details in a manual way where these listings will be happened in this package and all those stuff. Okay, so that is the thing, I mean thing. You are displaying the poster, fine. Also, you need to write a full detail about it. That's fine. And I can see the block section. In the block, you have used the same posters. Can you be able to use some other images? Or else anything like. Okay, let it be fine. If the requirement is there of the client, we can just shoot it out. And use some colors about what I've told about that particular poster. In Hero section, on the right side, you can put something else where it should be attractive like. What you can put? You can put like some image about, you can just generate the image where growth is happening, leads, growth, profit. This type of something graph or something like that. It should be attractive for this website. But it should be not directly pop-uping like this. It should be having some styles like in the left side, let me give you the details as it is, same it is. You put some like triangular shape which is located. And on the right side, you can just put the half of that one triangular shape layout. In that layout, you can just put that image. So it should look like something new, creativity. So you can do that one. And you have shaded the colors like happy clients, company runs, and client relations. So all these are not visible. Text is not visible. So the shade of the white color you need to make a little bit less, okay. And you are using icons which are very basic icons in the about generation marketing. Okay, so here there are a few information you have added, good one, but I need the icons good, okay? And our simple process, discover, plan, design, execute, deliver, you can put some arrow marks, like wonderful arrow marks, which should be displaying, okay? And everything is fine, and this is a good one. The color thing we want to focus and the logo adding, and that one in service, if I click on it, it should be opening new page. This is the thing.


Sir, can you share your company logo to put in the website?